Now as we mentioned right now inside of our shop page component we are passing in these two properties
where we get the loading states of our shop reducer in order to pass them into these components that
we render inside of our routes.
However we do nothing else with these props so it almost makes more sense for us to find a way to pass
these values into our collections over a view with Spinner in their own isolated environment rather
than pollute our shop page component because there's nothing that the shop page component can do with
this other than pass them in to these values.
The reason why this is redundant is because our shop page asks for all our components should be as dumb
as possible.
There is no reason for them to know about things that they don't need to know about.
So for example our shop page doesn't care whether or not this component or this component is loading
or not these components should be the ones in charge of determining whether or not they're being loaded
or whether or not they should be rendering the spinner and how we're going to do that is we are going
to leverage our higher order components again except we're going to use the concept of the container
pattern.
So let me show you what that looks like.
So what we want to replace is both these components and the first thing we're gonna do is modify each
one with our containers.
So we are going to go to our collections overview and make a new file called collections overview container
Dutch ASX now our container is pretty much going to be a component that gets wrapped in all of the higher
order components that it needs in order to properly run the way that it expects itself to the same way
that we've got a here in this slice.
So instead of wrapping our map states up props around our shop page in order to pass that value into
our collections overview with Spinner we're just gonna wrap that map states of props with this value
around this component so that this collections overview with spinner which in turn is pretty much just
our collections overview being wrapped by our with Spinner.
So it's just two levels of wrapping that we're going to do inside of this container component.
That's all it is.
I know it sounds complicated but that's really all it is.
And let me show you how that looks.
So what we need to do is need to import all of the libraries that we need in order to wrap all the code
that we have and what this will start with is actually our connect right.
Because we know we need access to both those selectors and the state to determine whether or not this
component should be loading.
We also need to import create structured selector because we're going to write a map state to props
and we're also going to import in all the selectors.
So we need our select is collection fetching
redux shop
shops select
and then we need to import our with Spinner a higher order component
and then we need to import our actual collections overview component
and now we just got to write the same map states props that we had in our shop where all we were pulling
off from our state was the select is collection fetching.
The only difference is that because we're going to pass this property into our width spinner right.
Hired a component that wraps our collections overview.
We got a set the property that we want to be named.
The one that the width spinner is expecting that's all it is because here we can manually pass it in
by writing it as a prop instead when we wrap it.
We just want to make sure that the prop that goes in is under the right prop name that the width spinner
hada component is expecting which is this loading and then all we need to do is we need to export out
the actual value and the value will be this new thing called a collections overview container.
This is simply equal to connect right where we pass it maps to props and then what we would do is typically
as we've seen wrap it around collections overview but we know that what we want to do is we want to
wrap this collections our review component inside of our with spinner which we can do by just wrapping
it like this because functions will evaluate from the inside out.
So what will happen is this with Spinner will first wrap around collections overview giving us back
our collections overview with Spinner component which then we'll get past into our connect which will
then give it is loading writing it this way is totally fine how ever.
This seems a little bit harder to read right.
It's a little harder for anyone to come in and see what's happening because of the fact that if we had
more and more wrappers let's say one more higher to components it would be difficult to fathom what's
happening in the way that this is just wrapping more and more components right.
You can imagine if we had another with HFC here somewhere right that this would be too much.
You can even see that if we wanted to wrap all of this with a with our width router hired a component
that we get from HREOC redux.
Well now this is really hard to read to determine what the actual order of everything is being rendered.
What we can do is leverage a library or not a library sorry but another thing we can import from redux
called compose and what compose lets us do as it lets us pass these in by just calling the function.
So what we're gonna write instead is compose and then pass it are connect and then pass it with Spinner
and then pass all of this.
Our collections overview and what this is doing is it's essentially carrying all of our functions together
compose evaluates from right to left.
So what it will do is it evaluate with Spinner first by passing in the collections overview to that
and then passing that to arc in the same way that we saw it earlier.
This is completely equivalent to what we wrote earlier.
To this it's the same thing so knowing that it's just easier for us to reason about and you might see
compose be used from either the redux library or the rammed a library right which is another library
that you might see in your projects.
But that's all composed does is that it just allows us to evaluate multiple curried functions where
the function returns another function that expects something to be passed to it and allows you to chain
them all together like this and now we just got to export this as the default collection or Taner and
then we can just import this into our shop component.
So instead of now rendering this collections overview with Spinner we just render our collections or
container from the dock container path and now we can switch back from a render to a component and remove
any use of this selector because we don't need it in our shop page anymore because our container is
handling all of that information.
Now if we look we'll see that our application behaves the exact same so we know our code is working.
So now what we can do is do the same thing for our collection page with Spinner.
Right.
The difference is now we've got to modify our collection page component here which is going to do the
same thing we're gonna write our collection dock container dodgy OSX we're gonna import in
from react redux we're gonna import in compose from redux and we're gonna import in create structured
selector from reselling and then we're gonna import in our selector so we can actually take this from
here
our select is collections loaded we're also going to import in with Spinner from opponents spinner spinner
our component as well as our collection page component
and just as we did before we need our maps data prompts and we're gonna use our create structure selector
but if you remember we need to inverse the value that we pass into our is loading so what we can actually
do here is we can actually posit a function that will get the state and this will still memoirs our
selector if we pass it are select is collection loaded passing in the state here and then we are going
to make our container so our collection page container
like the A which is equal to our compose call passing connect with our map states props passing in our
width spinner and then finally passing our collection page and then exporting this as the default value
of this component.
So the only new thing that we did here was that we use the function instead of what we did inside of
our previous container which was our collections overview right.
Or any other map states of props or we use create structure selector.
We passed it a function that stuff just passing the selector we just pass the function which gets the
state as well as the own props right into our selector.
And this will in turn create the selector for us and then we're just going to replace this with the
container value
going to get rid of this this.
We're also not going to need this anymore and now all we need to do is pretty much just replace this
the same way that we did earlier get rid of our map states props because we don't need that anymore
so that's a null now if we save and get rid of this prop
Well we see that we have an error cannot re property title of null oh so we have to switch this.
That's always the whole point of that.
So that we can reverse this value and now we see that our component works right.
Our code relating to anything we need with our selectors is isolated into each respective container.
And look how much smaller our shop pages it doesn't need to do anything other than just render the components
on its routes and that's really all it should do.
Its only function is to create and initialize the asynchronous request for fetching data and then passing
components into its roots.
And this is the ideal kind of setup using the container pattern for moving all of our code that we need
into its own respective components.
Now hopefully this was not too much of a challenge for everybody to follow but if it is that's perfectly
fine.
Honestly when I first worked on my own react redux project for the first time in my professional career
it was a daunting task of doing this pattern so many times four months before I was able to fully understand
all of the moving parts of react and Redux.
If you guys don't get it all in one shot Don't worry it's a lot and it's really challenging.
But this is going to be the most common pattern you're going to see at some point of your profession
over react.
Career now at this point of course more practice goes a long way to understanding all of these things
that we've done.
You can of course always just move any connect code that we have around a component such as our cart
dropdown component into a container file because that's really all it is.
We're just wrapping the base component with some higher to components that we put inside of a container
file.
You can do that for practice.
You don't necessarily have to but this is a matter of just iteration right.
The more and more we do this them better and better we'll understand why we do all this as well as what
those steps are going to be and what files we need to make.
It's just practice now in the next lesson we're going to talk about another common library that's used
to handle asynchronous actions in redux.
It's going to be very similar to redux thunk except with a bit more flexibility and I'll tell you all
about that in the next lesson.